Add list of agent OOB alert rules with descriptions (#3608)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/alert-templates.md

When you install or upgrade {{agent}}, new alert rules are created automatically. You can configure and customize out-of-the-box alerts to get them up and running quickly. 

::::{note}
The built-in alerts feature for {{agent}} is available only for some subscription levels. The license (or a trial license) must be in place _before_ you install or upgrade {{agent}} for the alert rules to be available. 

Refer to [Elastic subscriptions](https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions) for more information. 
::::

In {{kib}}, you can enable out-of-the-box rules pre-configured with reasonable defaults to provide immediate value for managing agents.
You can use [{{esql}}](/explore-analyze/discover/try-esql.md) to author conditions for each rule.

You can find these rules in **Stack Management** > **Alerts and Insights** > **Rules**.

> ### Available rules [available-alert-rules]

Author: ```suggestion
### Available alert rules [available-alert-rules]
```

| Alert | Description |
| -------- | -------- |
| [Elastic Agent] CPU usage spike|  Checks if {{agent}} or any of its processes were pegged at a high CPU for a specified window of time. This could signal a bug in an application and warrant further investigation.<br> - Condition: `system.process.cpu.total.time.ms` > 80% for 5 minutes<br>- Default: Enabled |
| [Elastic Agent] Dropped events | Checks if percentage of events dropped to acked events from the pipeline are greater than or equal to 5%. Rows are distinct by agent id and component id. |

> | [Elastic Agent] Excessive memory usage|  Checks if {{agent}} or any of its processes have a high memory usage or memory usage that is trending higher. This could signal a memory leak in an application and warrant further investigation.<br>- Condition: Alert on `system.process.memory.rss.pct` > 80%<br>- Default: Enabled (perhaps the threshold should be higher if this is on by default) |

Author: > 80%<br>- Default: Enabled **(perhaps the threshold should be higher if this is on by default)** 

What did we decide?

> | [Elastic Agent] Excessive restarts| Checks if excessive restarts on a host which require further investigation. Some of these restarts could have a business impact and getting an alert for them would allow us to act quickly to mitigate.<br>- Condition: Alert on (not sure) > 10 times in a 5 minute window<br>- Default: Enabled |

Author: > Alert on **(not sure)** > 10 times in a 5 minute window

What did we decide?

> | [Elastic Agent] Excessive restarts| Checks if excessive restarts on a host which require further investigation. Some of these restarts could have a business impact and getting an alert for them would allow us to act quickly to mitigate.<br>- Condition: Alert on (not sure) > 10 times in a 5 minute window<br>- Default: Enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Elastic Agent] Excessive restarts| Checks for excessive restarts on a host which require further investigation. Some restarts can have business impacts, and getting alerts for them can enable timely mitigation efforts.<br>- Condition: Alert on (not sure) > 10 times in a 5 minute window<br>- Default: Enabled |
```

| [Elastic Agent] High pipeline queue | Checks if max of `beat.stats.libbeat.pipeline.queue.filled.pct` exceeds 90%. Rows are distinct by agent id and component id. |

> | [Elastic Agent] Output errors | Checks if the errors per minute from an agent component is greater than 5. Rows are distinct by agent id and component id. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Elastic Agent] Output errors | Checks if the errors per minute from an agent component is greater than 5. Rows are distinguished by agent ID and component ID. |
```

> | [Elastic Agent] Unhealthy status | Checks if an agent has transitioned to an 'unhealthy' status, which can indicate errors or degraded functionality of the agent. |

Reviewer 2: Again, I'm curious if there's a specific reason to not format these like the others with `Condition` and `Default` as list items.

> | [Elastic Agent] Unhealthy status | Checks for log occurrence of an agent status change to `error` using the new elastic_agent.status_change datastreams. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Elastic Agent] Unhealthy status | Checks logs for an agent status change to `error` using the new `elastic_agent.status_change` datastreams. |
```

| Alert | Description |
| -------- | -------- |
| [Elastic Agent] CPU usage spike|  Checks if {{agent}} or any of its processes were pegged at a high CPU for a specified window of time. This could signal a bug in an application and warrant further investigation.<br> - Condition: Alert on `system.process.cpu.total.time.ms` over 80% for 5 minutes<br>- Default: Enabled |

> | [Elastic Agent] Dropped events | Checks ratio of dropped events to acknowledged events. Rows are distinguished by agent ID and component ID. <br> - Condition: Alert on ratio of dropped events to acked events of 5% or more<br>- Default: Enabled|

Author: Was " greater than or equal to 5%."  I changed it to "5% or more. "
